---
layout: post-no-cover
title: Publications
date: 2016-05-29 07:02:00 +0800
permalink: /publications
---


This is a current publication list. Several papers can be downloaded for viewing or printing. Other relevant publications can be found by going to the web site at Ohio State University .

* M. Zhang, S.T. Yu, S.C. Lin, S.C. Chang, and I. Blankson, "Solving the MHD Equations by the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," J. Comput. Phys., Vol. 214, pp. 599-617, 2006.
* C.L. Chang, "Time-Accurate, Unstructured-Mesh Navier-Stokes Computations with the Space-Time CESE Method," AIAA Paper 2006-4780, presented at the 42th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 10-12, 2006, Sacramento, CA.
* Sin-Chung Chang, "On Space-Time Inversion Invariance and its Relation to Non-Dissipatedness of a CESE Core Scheme," AIAA Paper 2006-4779, presented at the 42th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 10-12, 2006, Sacramento, CA.
* C.L. Chang, B.S. Venkatachari, G.C. Cheng, "Unsteady Aerothermodynamics Analysis of Hypersonic Flows over a Reentry Capsule," AIAA Paper 2006-4776, presented at the 42th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 10-12, 2006, Sacramento, CA.
* M. Ostman, "Melting Pre-study of Models and Mapping: Physical modeling of Scrap Melting," MSc Thesis, 2006, Department of Applied Physics and Mechanical Engineering, Lulea University of Technology, Lulea, Sweden.
* T. I. Tseng, and R. J. Yang, "Simulation of the Mach Reflection in Supersonic Flows by the CE/SE Method," Shock Waves, Vol. 14, No. 4, pp. 207-311, 2005.
* Sin-Chung Chang, "Courant Number and Mach Number Insensitive CE/SE Euler Solvers," AIAA Paper 2005-4355, presented at the 41th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 11-13, 2005, Tucson, AZ.
* I.S. Chang, C.L. Chang, S.C. Chang, "Unsteady Navier-Stokes Rocket Nozzle Flows," AIAA Paper 2005-4353, presented at the 41th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 11-13, 2005, Tucson, AZ.
* S.C. Chang, Y. Wu, V. Yang, and X.Y. Wang, "Local Time-Stepping Procedures for the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," Inter. J. of Comput. Fluid Dyn., Vol. 19, No. 5, pp. 359-380, July 2005.
* S. C. Chang, "Explicit von Neumann Stability Conditions for the c-tau Scheme--A Basic Scheme in the Development of the CE-SE Courant Number Insensitive Schemes," NASA/TM-2005-213556.
* M. Zhang, S.T. Yu, S.C. Lin, S.C. Chang, and I. Blankson, "Solving Magnetohydrodynamic Equations Without Special Treatment for Divergence-Free Magnetic Field," AIAA Journal, Vol. 42, No. 12, pp. 2605-2607, December 2004.
* A. Ayasoufi, "Numerical Simulation of Heat Conduction with Melting and/or Freezing by Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," Ph.D. Dissertation, December 2004, Department of Mechanical, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, The University of Toledo, Toledo, OH.
* S. Cioc, "Application of the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method to Flows in Fluid Films," Ph.D. Dissertation, August 2004, Department of Mechanical, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, The University of Toledo, Toledo, OH.
* C.K. Kim, S.T. Yu, Z.C. Zhang, "Cavity Flow in Scramjet Engine by Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Journal, Vol. 42, No. 5, pp. 912-919, May 2004.
* A. Fedorov, and A. Tumin, "Evolution of Disturbances in Entropy Layer on Blunted Plate in Supersonic Flow," AIAA Journal, Vol. 42, No. 1, pp. 89-94, January 2004.
* Y.I. Lim, S.C. Chang, and S.B. Jorgensen, "A Novel Partial Differential Algebraic Equation (PDAE) Solver: Iterative Space-Time Conservation Element/Solution Element (CE/SE) Method," Computers & Chemical Engineering, Vol. 28, pp. 1309-1324, 2004.
* S. C. Chang, A. Himansu, C. Y.Loh, X. Y. Wang, and S. T. Yu, "Robust and Simple Non-Reflecting Boundary Conditions for the Euler Equations-A New Approach Based on the Space-Time CE/SE Method," NASA/TM-2003-212495.
* S. C. Chang, X. Y. Wang, "Multi-Dimensional Courant Number Insensitive CE/SE Euler Solvers for Applications Involving Highly Nonuniform Meshes," AIAA Paper 2003-5285, presented at the 39th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 20-23, 2003, Huntsville, AL.
* C.Y.Loh, A. Himansu, and L.S. Hultgren, "A 3-D CE/SE Navier-Stokes Solver with Unstructured Hexahedral Grid for Computation of Nearfield Jet Screech Noise," AIAA paper 2003-3207, to be presented at the 9th AIAA/CEAS Aeroacoustics Conference, Hilton Head, SC, May, 2003.
* Ching Y. Loh, "Near Field Trailing Edge Tone Noise Computation," AIAA Paper 2003-0365, presented at the 41th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 6-9, 2003, Reno, NV.
* Sin-Chung Chang, "Courant Number Insensitive CE/SE Schemes," AIAA Paper 2002-3890, presented at the 38th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 7-10, 2002, Indianapolis, IN.
* Philip C. E. Jorgenson, Ching Y. Loh, "Computing Axisymmetric Jet Screech Tones using Unstructured Grids," AIAA Paper 2002-3889, presented at the 38th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, July 7-10, 2002, Indianapolis, IN.
* X. Y. Wang, C. L. Chen, Y. Liu "The Space-Time CE/SE Method for Solving Maxwell's Equations in Time-Domain," presented at the 2002 IEEE International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation and USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting, June 16-21, 2002, San Antonio, TX.
* C.Y.Loh, "Nonlinear Aeroacoustics Computation by the Space-Time CE/SE Method," invited talk at the CBMS regional meeting, North Carolina A&T Univ., Greensboro, May, 2002.
* Ching Y. Loh, K.B.M.Q. Zaman, "Numerical Investigation of 'Transonic Resonance' with a Convergent-Divergent Nozzle," AIAA Paper 2002-0077, presented at the 40th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 14-17, 2002, Reno, NV.
* C.Y.Loh, Sin-Chung Chang, Xiao Y. Wang, and Philip C.E.Jorgenson, "Gap Noise Computation by the CE/SE Method," FEDSM-2001-18136, presented at the ASME 2001 Fluid Engineering Division Summer Meeting, May 29-31, 2001, New Orleans, LA.
* C.Y. Loh, A. Himansu, X.Y. Wang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Computation of an Underexpanded 3-D Rectangular Jet by the CE/SE Method," AIAA Paper 2001-0986, presented at the 39th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 8-11, 2001, Reno, NV.
* Zeng-Chan Zhang, S.T. John Yu, Hao He, Sin-Chung Chang, "Direct Calculations of Two- and Three- Dimensional Detonations by an Extended CE/SE Method," AIAA Paper 2001-0476, presented at the 39th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 8-11, 2001, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang, W.M. To, "Application of the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method to One-Dimension Convection-Diffusion Problems," J. of Comput. Phys., 165, pp. 189-215, 2000.
* S.C. Chang, Y. Wu, X.Y. Wang, V. Yang, "Local Mesh Refinement in the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* S.C. Chang, Z.C. Zhang, S.T. Yu, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "A Unified Wall Boundary Treatment for Viscous and Inviscid Flows in the Space-Time CE/SE Method," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* Z.C. Zhang, S.T. Yu, X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Calculations of Low-Mach-Number Viscous Flows without Preconditioning by the Space-Time CE/SE Method," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* C.Y. Loh, X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Computation of Feedback Aeroacoustic System by the CE/SE Method," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Numerical Simulation of Aeroacoustic Field in a 2D Cascade Involving a Downstream Moving Grid Using the Space-Time CE/SE Method," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* A. Himansu, P.C.E. Jorgenson, X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, "Parallel CE/SE Computations via Domain Decomposition," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* Y. Wu, V. Yang, S.C. Chang, "Space-Time Method for Chemically Reacting Flows with Detailed Kinetics," Proceedings of the First International Conference on Computational Fluid Dynamics, held July 9-14, 2000, Kyoto, Japan.
* Z.C. Zhang, S.T. Yu, X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "The Space-Time CE/SE Method for Navier-Stokes Equations in Three Spatial Dimensions," AIAA Paper 2000-2331, presented at the AIAA Fluid 2000 Conference, June 19-22, 2000, Denver, CO.
* C.Y. Loh, L.S. Hultgren, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Aeroacoustic Computation for Nearly Fully Expanded Supersonic Jets Using the CE/SE Method," AIAA Paper 2000-2010, presented at the 6th AIAA/CEAS Aeroacoustics Conference, June 12-14, 2000, Maui, Hawaii.
* C.Y. Loh, L.S. Hultgren, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Noise Computation of a Shock-Containing Supersonic Axisymmetric Jet by the CE/SE Method," AIAA Paper 2000-0475, presented at the 38th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 10-13, 2000, Reno, NV.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Accuracy Study of the Space-Time CE/SE Method for Computational Aeroacoustics Problems Involving Shock Waves," AIAA Paper 2000-0474, presented at the 38th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 10-13, 2000, Reno, NV.
* Z.C. Zhang, S.T. Yu, X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, A. Himansu, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "The CE/SE Method for Navier-Stokes Equations Using Unstructured Meshes for Flows at All Speeds," AIAA Paper 2000-0393, presented at the 38th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 10-13, 2000, Reno, NV.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Prediction of Sound Waves Propagating Through a Nozzle Without/With a Shock Wave using the Space-Time CE/SE Method," AIAA Paper 2000-0222, presented at the 38th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 10-13, 2000, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow, "The Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method -- A New High-Resolution and Genuinely Multidimensional Paradigm for Solving Conservation Laws," J. Comput. Phys., Vol. 156, No. 1, pp. 89-136, November 20, 1999.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, "A 2D Non-Splitting Unstructured Triangular Mesh Euler Solver Based on the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," Comp. Fluid Dynamics Journal, Vol. 8, No. 2, pp. 309-325, July 1999.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, "A 3-D Structured/Unstructured Euler Solver based on the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," 14th AIAA CFD Conference June 28, 1999, Norfolk, VA.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow, S.C. Chang, "Application of the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method to One-Dimensional Advection-Diffusion Problems," NASA TM -1999-209068, April 1999.
* A. Himansu, S.C. Chang, S.T. Yu, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Loh, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "High-Resolution Genuinely Multidimensional Solution of Conservation Laws by the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 99-1006, presented at the 37th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 11-14, 1999, Reno, NV.
* C.Y. Loh, L.S. Hultgren, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Vortex Dynamics Simulation in Aeroacoustics by the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 99-0359, presented at the 37th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 11-14, 1999, Reno, NV.
* S.J. Park, S.T. Yu, M.C. Lai, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Numerical Calculation of Unstable Detonations by the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," AIAA Paper 99-0491, presented at the 37th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 11-14, 1999, Reno, NV.
* Z.C. Zhang, S.T. Yu, "Shock Capturing without Reimann Solver--A Modified Space-Time CE/SE Method for Conservation Laws," AIAA Paper 99-0904, presented at the 37th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 11-14, 1999, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang, S.T. Yu, A. Himansu, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and C.Y. Loh, "The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- A New Paradigm for Numerical Solution of Conservation Laws," Computational Fluid Dynamics Review 1998, M. Hafez and K. Oshima, eds., World Scientific, New Jersey, USA.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow, S.C. Chang, "The Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method-- A New High Resolution and Genuinely Multidimensional Paradigm for Solving Conservation Laws II. Numerical Simulation of Shock Waves and Contact Discontinuities," NASA TM -1998-208844, December 1998.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow, "The Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method-- A New High Resolution and Genuinely Multidimensional Paradigm for Solving Conservation Laws I. The Two Dimensional Time Marching Schemes," NASA TM -1998-208843, December 1998.
* S.J. Park, S.T. Yu., M.C. Lai, S.C. Chang and P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Direct Calculations of Stable and Unstable ZND Detonations by the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA paper 98-3212, presented at 34th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference & Exhibit, July 13-15, 1998, Cleveland, OH.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang, K.H. Kao, and P.C.E. Jorgenson, "A Non-Splitting Unstructured-Triangular-Mesh Euler Solver Based on the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Numerical Method in Fluid Dynamics, Arcachon, France, July 6-July 10, 1998.
* S.T. Yu, S.C. Chang, P.C.E. Jorgenson, S.J. Park and M.C. Lai, "Treating Stiff Source Terms in Conservation Laws by the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Numerical Method in Fluid Dynamics, Arcachon, France, July 6-July 10, 1998.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Non-reflecting Boundary Conditions Based on the Space-Time CE/SE Method for Free Shear Flows," AIAA paper 98-3020, presented at the 29th AIAA Fluid Dynamics Conference, Albuquerque, New Mexico, June 15-18, 1998.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Numerical Simulation of Gust Generated Aeroacoustics in a Cascade Using the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 98-0178, presented at the 36th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 12-15, 1998, Reno, NV.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Numerical Simulation of Shock Reflection over a Dust Layer Model Using the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 98-0443, presented at the 36th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 12-15, 1998, Reno, NV.
* C.Y. Loh, L.S. Hultgren and S.C. Chang, "Computing Waves in Compressible Flow Using the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element method," AIAA Paper 98-0369, presented at the 36th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 12-15, 1998, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang and A. Himansu, "The Implicit and Explicit a-µ Schemes," NASA TM 97-206307, November 1997.
* S.C. Chang, A. Himansu, C.Y. Loh, X.Y. Wang, S.T. Yu and P.C.E. Jorgenson, "Robust and Simple Non-Reflecting Boundary Conditions for the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 97-2077, presented at the 13th AIAA CFD Conference, June 29-July 2, 1997, Snowmass, CO.
* S.T. Yu and S.C. Chang, "Applications of the Space-Time Conservation Element / Solution Element Method to Unsteady Chemically Reactive Flows," AIAA Paper 97-2099, in A Collection of Technical Papers, 13th AIAA CFD Conference, June 29-July 2, 1997, Snowmass, CO.
* S.T. Yu and S.C. Chang, "Treatments of Stiff Source Terms in Conservation Laws by the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," AIAA Paper 97-0435, presented at the 35th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 6-10, 1997, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang, C.Y. Loh and S.T. Yu, "Computational Aeroacoustics via a New Global Conservation Scheme," Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Numerical Methods in Fluid Dynamics, P.Kutler, J. Flores and J.-J. Chattot, eds., June 24-28, 1996, Monterey, CA.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "An Euler Solver Based on the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Numerical Methods in Fluid Dynamics, P.Kutler, J. Flores and J.-J. Chattot, eds., June 24-28, 1996, Monterey, CA.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Numerical Simulation of Flows Caused by Shock-Body Interaction," AIAA Paper 96-2004, presented at the 27th AIAA Fluid Dynamics Conference, June 17-20, 1996, New Orleans, LA.
* C.Y. Loh, S.C. Chang and J.R. Scott, "Computational Aeroacoustics via the Space-Time Conservation Element / Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 96-1687, presented at the 2nd AIAA/CEAS Aeroacoustics Conference, May 6-8, 1996, State College, PA.
* C.Y. Loh, S.C. Chang, J.R. Scott and S.T. Yu, "The Space-Time Conservation Element Method -- A New Numerical Scheme for Computational Aeroacoustics," AIAA Paper 96-0276, presented at the 34th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 15-18, 1996, Reno, NV.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "High Resolution Euler Solvers Based on the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method," AIAA Paper 96-0764, presented at the 34th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, January 15-18, 1996, Reno, NV.
* S.C. Chang, "The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- A New Approach for Solving the Navier-Stokes and Euler Equations," J. Comput. Phys., 119, pp. 295-324, (1995).
* X.Y. Wang, "Computational Fluid Dynamics Based on the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," Ph.D. Dissertation, 1995, Department of Aerospace Engineering, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO.
* C.Y. Loh, S.C. Chang, J.R. Scott and S.T. Yu, "Application of the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element to Aeroacoustics Problems," A Collection of Technical Papers, Volume II, pp. 713-718, 6th International Symposium on Computational Fluid Dynamics, September 4-8, 1995, Lake Tahoe, NV.
* X.Y. Wang, S.C. Chang and C.Y. Chow, "Application of the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element to Axisymmetric Euler Time-Marching Problems," A Collection of Technical Papers, Volume III, pp. 1351--1356, 6th International Symposium on Computational Fluid Dynamics, September 4-8, 1995, Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and A. Himansu, "The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- Development of a New Implicit Solver," Proceedings of the Ninth International Conference on Numerical Methods in Laminar and Turbulent Flow, July 10-14, 1995, Atlanta, GA, C. Taylor and P. Durbetaki, eds., Volume IX, Part I, Pineridge Press, pp. 82-93. Also published as NASA TM 106897 (see below).
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and A. Himansu, "The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element- Development of a New Implicit Solver," NASA TM 106897, July 1995.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Application of the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method to Two-Dimensional Advection-Diffusion Problems," NASA TM 106946, June 1995.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang and C.Y. Chow, "The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- Applications to One-Dimensional and Two-Dimensional Time-Marching Flow Problems," AIAA Paper 95-1754-CP, in A Collection of Technical Papers, 12th AIAA CFD Conference, June 19-22, 1995, San Diego, CA, pp. 1258-1291. Also published as NASA TM 106915.
* X.Y. Wang, C.Y. Chow and S.C. Chang, "Application of the Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element Method to Shock-Tube Problem," NASA TM 106806, December 1994.
* S.C. Chang, X.Y. Wang and C.Y. Chow, "New Developments in the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- Applications to Two-Dimensional Time-Marching Problems," NASA TM 106758, December 1994.
* S.C. Chang, "New Developments in the Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element -- Applications to the Euler and Navier-Stokes Equations," presented at the Second U.S. National Congress on Computational Mechanics, August 16-18, 1993, Washington D.C. Published as NASA TM 106226.
* S.C. Chang and W.M. To, "A Brief Description of a New Numerical Framework for Solving Conservation Laws -- The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Numerical Methods in Fluid Dynamics, July 6-10, 1992, Rome, Italy, M. Napolitano and F. Sabetta, eds., Lecture Notes in Physics 414, Springer-Verlag, pp. 396-400. Also published as NASA TM 105757.
* S.C. Chang, "On an Origin of Numerical Diffusion: Violation of Invariance Under Space-Time Inversion," Proceedings of the 23rd Modeling and Simulation Conference, April 30 - May 1, 1992, Pittsburgh, PA, William G. Vogt and Marlin H. Mickle eds., Part 5, pp. 2727-2738. Also published as NASA TM 105776.
* S.C. Chang and W.M. To, "A New Numerical Framework for Solving Conservation Laws -- The Method of Space-Time Conservation Element and Solution Element," NASA TM 104495, August 1991.
